Travis CICD Build Improvements (#211)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/getting-started.md

- `invoke stop` - Stops all containers created by `invoke start`

!!! info

>     By default the Nautobot docker images for development are built with Python 3.7. If you wish to build them with a different Python version, stop any running containers, then set the environment variable `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_PYTHON_VER` to the desired version (for example, `export INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_PYTHON_VER=3.8`) and rerun the `invoke build` command. As long as `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_PYTHON_VER` remains set, all other `invoke` tasks will use the containers built for this version instead of the default. See the [invoke configuration](#invoke-configuration) for more information.

Reviewer: Since you've added the following section, this info callout is maybe obsolete/redundant now? Consider removing it.

#### Invoke Configuration

> The invoke tasks have some default configuration set via Invoke's [Configuration](http://docs.pyinvoke.org/en/stable/concepts/configuration.html#environment-variables) which you may want to override, these include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Invoke tasks have some default [configuration](http://docs.pyinvoke.org/en/stable/concepts/configuration.html) which you may want to override. Configuration properties include:
```

> - `python_ver`: the python version which is used to build the docker container (default: 3.7)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `python_ver`: the Python version which is used to build the Docker container (default: `3.7`)
```

> - `local`: run the commands in the local environment vs the Docker container (default: False)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `local`: run the commands in the local environment vs the Docker container (default: `False`)
```

> - `compose_dir`: the full path to the directory containing the docker-compose yaml files (default: "/full/path/to/nautobot/development")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `compose_dir`: the full path to the directory containing the Docker Compose YAML files (default: `"<nautobot source directory>/development"`)
```

> - `compose_file`: the docker-compose yaml tile to use (default: "docker-compose.yml")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `compose_file`: the Docker Compose YAML file to use (default: `"docker-compose.yml"`)
```

> - `compose_override_file`: the default docker-compose override file to use if it exists (default: "docker-compose.override.yml")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `compose_override_file`: the default Docker Compose override file to use if it exists (default: `"docker-compose.override.yml"`)
```

> These setting may be overridden several different ways (listed in order of precedence):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These setting may be overridden several different ways (from highest to lowest precedence):
```

- Command line argument on the individual commands (see `invoke $command --help`) if available

> - Using environment variables such as `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_PYTHON_VER` the variables are prefixed with `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_` and must be uppercase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using environment variables such as `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_PYTHON_VER`; the variables are prefixed with `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_` and must be uppercase
```

> - Using environment variables such as `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_PYTHON_VER` the variables are prefixed with `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_` and must be uppercase

Reviewer: Worth spelling out how to set boolean variables (like `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_LOCAL`)? I.e. must it be `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_LOCAL=True`, or does say `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_LOCAL=1` also work?

> - Using the `invoke.yml` file (see invoke.yml.example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using an `invoke.yml` file (see `invoke.yml.example`)
```

|-------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `invoke unittest`       | `nautobot-server test --config=nautobot/core/tests/nautobot_config.py` |

!!! info

>     By default `invoke unittest` will start and run the unit tests inside the docker development container, this ensures a postgres and redis server are available during the test. However, if you have these configured such that `nautobot-server` can run locally, outside of the docker environment, you may wish to set the environment variable `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_LOCAL=True` to execute these tests in your local environment instead.  See the [invoke configuration](#invoke-configuration) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default `invoke unittest` will start and run the unit tests inside the Docker development container; this ensures that PostgreSQL and Redis servers are available during the test. However, if you have your environment configured such that `nautobot-server` can run locally, outside of the Docker environment, you may wish to set the environment variable `INVOKE_NAUTOBOT_LOCAL=True` to execute these tests in your local environment instead.  See the [Invoke configuration](#invoke-configuration) for more information.
```
